1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
* - Expression
‘hello' - Value
-87.8 - Value
-  Expression
/  Expression
Expression
6  Value

2. What is the difference between string and variable?
String is a constant and set of characters. Variables can be anything from string, integer, boolean. Variable value can change based on its assignment.

3. Describe three different data types.
String- They are set of characters.
Integer: They are whole numbers and basically not decimal
Booleans: They can be either true or false.

4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
Expression is a mix of operators and variables and they generate some output.
Eg. a=b+c, a=b*c, a=b/c

5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement?
Expressions are subset of statements. Statements can be any code that is written in python.

6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
Answer: bacon value will remain 22 as we are not assigning the +1 value back to bacon

7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + ‘spamspam' - Answer: ’spamspamspam’
'spam' * 3 - Answer: ’spamspamspam’

8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
All python variables should start either with a character or _. Since 100 is a number, its a wrong variable name.

9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?
Answer: int() to get integer, float() to get floating point number and str() to get string version of value

10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.’
Answer: Here 99 is considered as integer and hence concatenation will fail. To fix this we need to convert 99 to string using str() function as in: 'I have eaten ' + str(99) + ' burritos.’

